README.md, before:

# Timetable_Generator_Project
Website to automatically generate a customised timetable for revising topics.

# Inputs

1. Available times and days
2. Lists of topics
3. Number of weeks/deadline
4. Additional Parameters


# Outputs

1. Personalised Timetable
 * Features spaced recall
 * Each topic links to resources
 * Each topic has it's own approximated learning length (differentiation may take 6 hours, whereas partial fractions may take 2)


# User Experience

### Login

The user is prompted to sign in to their account.

### Input

On selecting the tool, they are prompted to select the subjects they wish to revise, and rate their confidence in each subject on a scale from 1-10.

They enter their available study times through a one-week calendar (e.g. Monday 16:00 - 18:00, Saturday 12:00 - 13:00 and 16:00 - 18:00).

They can select from a list of other preferences (maximum 2 study hours per session, no studying after a certain time etc.)


### Generation

The tool processes all the data and creates a customised weekly schedule.

It shows which subjects to study and for how long.

### Viewing and Adjustment

Students see the timetable in a calendar.

They may export it as a PDF file, or upload it to their Google or Apple Calendar.

Commit message:

Added functions to calculate time revised per subj

README.md, after:

# Timetable_Generator_Project
Website to automatically generate a customised timetable for revising topics.

# Inputs

1. Available times and days
2. Lists of topics/subjects
3. Number of weeks/deadline
4. Additional Parameters (Breaks, Recall)


# Outputs

1. Personalised Timetable
 * Features spaced recall
 * Each topic links to resources
 * Each topic has it's own approximated learning length (differentiation may take 6 hours, whereas partial fractions may take 2)


# User Experience

### Login

The user is prompted to sign in to their account.

### Input

On selecting the tool, they are prompted to select the subjects they wish to revise, and rate their confidence in each subject on a scale from 1-10.

They enter their available study times through a one-week calendar (e.g. Monday 16:00 - 18:00, Saturday 12:00 - 13:00 and 16:00 - 18:00).

They can select from a list of other preferences. This includes breaks (an n-minute break every m minutes, or a Pomodoro structure) or Recall (bringing back specific topics later on).


### Generation

The tool processes all the data and creates a customised weekly schedule.

It shows which subjects to study and for how long.

### Viewing and Adjustment

Students see the timetable in a calendar.

They may export it as a PDF file, or upload it to their Google or Apple Calendar.
